c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\MainProject.exe.config
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\Leap.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\LeapCSharp.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\MainProject.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\MainProject.pdb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\LeapCSharp.NET4.0.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainProject_Content.g.cs
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainProject_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainProject_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainProject.g.resources
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainProject.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainProject.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\obj\Debug\MainProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\Peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MainProject\MainProject\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
